Removed Site Template Contract Service Graph logic from mso_schema_template_contract_service_graph resource (#244)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-mso: website/docs/r/schema_template_contract_service_graph.html.markdown

* `node_relationship` - (Required) The Contract Service Graph Node relationship information.
  * `provider_connector_bd_name` - (Required) The name of the BD that has to be connected to a Provider Connector.
  * `provider_connector_bd_schema_id` - (Optional) The schema ID of the BD that has to be connected to a Provider Connector. The `schema_id` will be used if not provided.
  * `provider_connector_bd_template_name` - (Optional) The template name of the BD that has to be connected to a Provider Connector. The `template_name` will be used if not provided.
  * `consumer_connector_bd_name` - (Required) The name of the BD that has to be connected to a Consumer Connector.
  * `consumer_connector_bd_schema_id` - (Optional) The schema ID of the BD that has to be connected to a Consumer Connector. The `schema_id` will be used if not provided.
  * `consumer_connector_bd_template_name` - (Optional) The template name of the BD that has to be connected to a Consumer Connector. The `template_name` will be used if not provided.

## Attribute Reference ##

No attributes are exported.

## Importing ##

> An existing MSO Schema Template Contract Service Graph can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource via its Id/path, via the following command: [docs-import]: <https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html>

Reviewer: An existing MSO Schema Template Contract Service Graph can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource using its Id/path, via the following command: [docs-import]: <https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html>

page_title: "MSO: mso_schema_template_contract_service_graph"
sidebar_current: "docs-mso-resource-schema_template_contract_service_graph"
description: |-
  Manages MSO Schema Template Contract Service Graph.
---

# mso_schema_template_contract_service_graph #

Manages MSO Schema Template Contract Service Graph.

# Note: #

> Only MSO versions 3.7 and 4.2+ are compatible with this resource. For the MSO version 4.1 is not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This resource is only compatible with NDO versions 3.7 and 4.2+. NDO versions 4.0 and 4.1 are not supported.
```
